>> Scott Moss: During the break, we were
tasked with completing the crud routes for
the item resource that we have and
right now you'll see that there's
just a blank router here.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna walk
through my solution of how I would have
completed this to get the test to pass.
So feel free to follow along, but
the same solution is also going to
be on the lesson-2-solution branch where
you can check out too and see there.
So I'm just gonna go ahead and
get started.
So because we wanna mount this
router at the /api/resource name,
in this case item,
we're gonna mount it at that path.
There's actually a lot of
different ways that we can do it.
And how you do it is gonna determine what
you can do later with your routers and
how you organize your code.
So I'll walk through some different
scenarios of the different ways you can do
it and then I'll also walk through
how I'm gonna do it and why.
So the first obvious scenario
is that you might start
naming the full route path here with
this router because that's very obvious,
cuz it's a router and
we're gonna put the full route path.
So you might do something like this.
In this case I'm just gonna do get for
now.
So you might do something like /api/item.
I'm gonna do a get request to that.
And there's nothing wrong with that.
You can totally do that and
you can do that for every single
route verb combination we might have
slash api slash item slash id for a post.
I'm sorry, for a put,
slash api slash item for a post,
you can do that all the way down.
The issue is what's gonna happen
is when you go mount that
on your server,
where would you mount that?
So the only way you can mount
that is you would have to do, you
would have to realize that you could
do itemrouter like this without a path.
So you would import itemRouter and
then you would pass in without a path
at all because the item router
itself determines the full path.
So that's how you would do that.
So you could do that, and
that way this file doesn't have
to know about any of the routes.
It doesn't have to know
about any of the names.
You can just abstract it completely away.
So that's one way.
But the way that I'm gonna do it is
I'm going to do have this router
not know about where it's mounted, it's
just gonna know about it's relative route.
It's not gonna know
about its parent routes.
So basically what that means is,
instead of it knowing about /api/item, and
having control over that,
all it knows about is its relative route,
in this case it'll just be slash.
So by the time this router executes,
it's already gonna be at /api/item.
And then this router runs,
so it's just relative.
So in this case, I'm gonna do that and
I'm gonna use the .route method which
I showed you all before we headed off.
And I'm gonna say, cool, for a .route
to this path which is just the index.
So in this case, because we're
gonna mount it at /api, /item,
this route right here, just a slash,
is equivalent to /api/item.
It's equivalent to that cuz that's
where I'm gonna mount this router.
I'm gonna mount this router here,
/api/item.
So that means this route
is equivalent to this.
It's the index for this.
So I'm gonna route there.
And I know I need a get request
to be able to get many.
And then I need a post request to be
able to create one, so that's one.
And then I needed a router.route('/:id')
which is gonna be
equivalent to / API/item.
It's gonna be equivalent to that or
/ID, sorry.
So that's gonna be equiv because again,
this is gonna be mounted at /API/item.
So this is what comes after.
Express is gonna combine the routes for
me.
So now that I have that,
I can go ahead and
do my put request, which is the update.
I'll do my delete request
which is to delete one.
Now I'll do my get request
which is to get one by an ID.
So now that I have all those,
I'm gonna go ahead and
just mock out these
controllers right quick.
I'm just gonna make one mock
controller that just does nothing.
>> Scott Moss: And
I'll just res.send a message.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
And I'll just add
the controller to all of them.
If you don't have a controller
here that sends something back and
you try to run these routes,
you might not get a response,
actually you won't get a response,
it will just hang.
So if your server was hanging even though
you know your routes were right, you were
not getting a 404, it's cuz you didn't
send something back in a controller.
So I was gonna send something back,
put a fake controller on all of these,
have it export.
So now that I'm exporting, and then
the sweet thing about the E6 stuff here is
that because I'm exporting as a default,
I can import it whatever name that I want,
because it's a default export.
If it's a named export, as in,
I got rid of line 20, and I put the word
export in front of router, then now I
have to import it with the name router.
But on the import,
I can also change the name there using
the as keyword, import as something else.
So there's a lot of ways you can do that
in the S6, I'm just gonna import it, or
export it as a default here.
Because there's many routers in these
different resources and have them just be
the same as a lot better to have them
think of what the name is to import it.
>> Scott Moss: So now that we have that,
the next thing we need to do is
actually import that router.
So because it's a default,
I can call it whatever I want.
I'll call it the item router from,
>> Scott Moss: Resources/item/item.router.
So we've got the item router there.
And then I'm going to mount it at
/api/item and now we have the item router.
>> Scott Moss: So if we run our
test,
>> Scott Moss: our
npm run
>> Scott Moss: Test-routes, I believe.
>> Scott Moss: You can see, it passed.
There was only one test for
that, and it passed.
If we just go look at
the test one more time,
you can see it's testing that there
is these combination of routes.
So it's expecting a path of
this with a method of git.
This path with a method of git and
so forth and so forth.
So we satisfied that here.
So here's all the routes with
the different verb methods, and
that's why the test passed.
And now let's actually run it,
we'll execute this.
>> Scott Moss: And
I'm gonna head over to 3000 and
do a slash api slash item and
I'm gonna run that.
And you can see I get a message hello.
So that works good.
So that's a get request.
Then I had another one for slash ID.
So I'll put slash anything here.
That's also a get request, so that's good.
Then there was a post request to just
/item, so I'll run that, that's also good.
And then we had a put request to /item,
with some ID, so we run that as well.
And then, last one was a delete
request to /item with some ID.
And if we run that, that one will.
Anybody do it differently?
Cuz there's a lot of ways,
there's not one right way to do this.
There's a lot of ways which
is why I love Express.